# Personalized-Image-background-synthesis
This solution can synthesize varied backgrounds for an image containing a subject, whether a human subject or any specific character/object and enables editing of unique scenes described in the text prompt. 
## Product Overview
Personalized Image background synthesis helps in creating high-quality ethical images of a specific subject of interest in the unique, photo-realistic varied background based on the text provided.  The solution uses deep generative neural network concepts like image synthesis and latent diffusion models to create completely new images of the subject in diverse contextual settings with reduced memory and computational cost. It can also enhance the resolution or change the design of the image as per the text input. It uses ML-based content moderation techniques to consider the ethical aspects of generated images by sending appropriate warnings. If "Not Safe For Work" score (NSFW) is more than a fixed threshold or a blank image is generated then the model throws an error stating to give an appropriate input prompt or to change the random seed.
## Product Highlight
The solution can be used for subject-driven image upscaling/editing, in which the resolution of an image is increased, with more designs and styles potentially being added to the image keeping the fidelity of the subject.  The model also considers the ethical aspects of image generation and gives NSFW (Not Safe For Work) warnings appropriately. The content input by the user and output generated by the listing needs to be duly verified by the user for quality and ethical concerns before using/integrating with other applications.

This Subject-Personalized Image synthesis can be applied to use cases like data augmentation, in which the visual features of image data are changed keeping the subject/character in context to create more data of similar kind. This reduces manual effort and improves productivity in cross-functional industries, some of which are metaverse, online content generation, Creative/Digital media, wildlife photography, designing UX/UI, etc. Example: Given the subject mickey mouse in a garden can be recreated inside a house, factory, car, etc. based on a prompt provided. 
## Input
### Training input
Usage Methodology for the algorithm: 
1) The input must be 'Input.zip' file. 
2) The zip file should contain input file which includes a .json file. 
3) The name of the .json file should be "parameters" which is case sensitive.
4) the parameter file should contain key-value pair similar to sample input.
5) Name of the folder inside the zip file should be “input” which is case-sensitive
6) Minimum four Sample images of Subject must be kept in folder named "image".
7) Check the instructions and sample endpoint in the sample jupyter file provided.

### Inference input
Usage Methodology for the algorithm: 
1) The input must be 'Input.zip' file. 
2) The zip file should contain Input file which includes a .json file. 
3) The name of the .json file should be "parameters" which is case sensitive.
4) The parameter file should contain id,seed and prompt values.
5) check the instructions and sample endpoint in the sample jupyter file provided.

## Amazon Marketplace Link
The product can be found [here]()
